# JS Project-basic calculator app using Js bootstrap
Here below, I have briefly discussed how I created this calculator web app,

How I used Bootstrap in the page : At first I took Bootstrap container, it has one row and inside the row, I took 5 columns. 3 columns have a width of 4 values first one is an input type number to get the first number from the user, the second one is select type to let the user select the operator and the 3rd one is again an input type number to get the 2nd number. so these 3 make a full width. then I took a submit button and gave a width of 12 values, when the user taps on it, it will answer in the next input field column I made a width of 4 values, and using offset I made it centered and also used readonly attribute so that user can’t edit the result.

How I used Javascript in the page: At first I gave every input field and button a different Id as per their uses. To make the calculator function I created a function calculate() added it in the button, onclick the calculate function will give the result. Now in the js file I called every element by Id and stored them in the calculate function using variables, then used if-else if statement, my code was when the user selects any particular operator it will calculate using that operator in the result and also I converted the called number input to an integer using parseInt function. So let's say a user puts 20 in the first number input field and then chooses the ‘+’ operator and in the next column chooses 30, what will happen is that first the number will be called by firstNum variable then the operator will get called by optr variable after that lastly the 2nd number will get called by secondNum variable .then the if else if statement will start working it will take the ‘+’ operator and according to this the code will execute the variable answer and will give the result 50.

To make the answer field blank when the user changes any input I used a function blank() onclick in the number and operator input fields. In the js file, I made the function while clicking on any input field the result (id-rslt) field will be blank using value blank.

Live page link - https://imimranuddin.github.io/-JS-Project-basic-calculator-app-using-Js-bootstrap/
